Combat engine for pickett ideas. 

When a battle starts, The computer chooses an enemy (or one is already chosen) to fight against the
player's party. 

If there are players using any psychic abilities or special skills (not till a
little later in the game.) They declare here weather they are using a skill or
a spell. If the initave check (explained next) is failed and they are hit,
their attack is cancelled. 

Initiave check is made. This is a dodgeball skill check, roll 1 d100 and get
equal to or under your dodgeball skill, if passed, then you go first. Some
enemies will subtract some points from your init check as a negative modifer if they are more speedy
than most enemies.

After its determined who is going first, pickett's party or the monsters
party, combat occurs. 

If Pickett's team is first, Actions are choisen starting with pickett, and
then npcs, like so. 

Pickett: 

HP: 10/10 STS: None

Attack 
Defend
Skills/PSI
Items
Run Away

ATTACK:
  choose which monster to attack
  Make an attack skill check depending on weapon type (d100)
  if check fails, attack misses and next character goes.
  if check is sucsessful, random weapon damage is deduced from npc hp
  
DEFEND: 
  The defending character, if attacked sucsessfully, subtracts 1/5 of his
total hp from incoming damage. this can be usefull for near death characters
as death is permanent in pickett. 

SKILLS/PSI:
  If the player completes a few set story conditions pickett can use psi. A
flag will be set, otherwise the option doesnt show up for pickett in combat.
It is used the same way attack is used except with psi skills. Party
characters get Skills that also work the same way. 

ITEMS: 
  Pickett has slots for 4 items in his backpack, a starting key item (key items
do not count towards the backpack item limit.) Items can do a number of things
detailed in pickettnotes.txt additional pary characters provide 4 additional
inventory slots.

RUN AWAY:
  If one character chooses run, it asks if you are sure if you want to run away,
and Pickett makes another dodgeball check with a modifer of -5% for each point 
of damage he has sustained underneath 50% of his total HP.
And then actions would be chosen for the other party members in the same way.


Monsters typically attack weak characters, or healers. Groups of monsters will
attack individually. A list of monsters with stats, attacks, and properties
and behaivors should be made up asap for testing. 

Other Campers and NPCs can be enemies or "monsters" too. This I assume would
be easier to test as campers are implimented already. Their behaivor would be
to dish out as much damage as possible to the most crucial characters to
pickett's party, if not pickett himself.
