Cast of Characters


~ Hero


Pickett: A young boy of about 11 in a pink and green striped shirt, shorts, and black shoes and a hat (you can see bits of messy orange hair below his hat.) He is sent to a strange camp out in the middle of nowhere, where he eventually fulfills his destiny and saves the universe, or dies in the process. Pickett possess some psychic ability but the extent of his powers starts out relatively unknown until he gets more powerful throughout the game. Pickett is the hero of this story. Pickett for the most part is concerned with getting home to see his much missed mother, father, and dog. 


~ Major NPC's


Barry Fandling: The strange and mysterious new owner of Native Mountain Camp. Barry is a short but fit middle aged man who wears round glasses. Whenever there is a Major event at the camp, Barry can often be heard on the loudspeaker, or opening lunchtime with a prayer at the camp cafeteria. While everyone acknowledges Barry as extremely friendly, there is something unsettling about how friendly he is, and is sometimes seen with mysterious looking people and animals around the camp. His favorite singer is Ulthra Weissman, a female singer of ballads who recently had a song in a hit movie. 


Sherry Fandling: Sherry is Barry's friendly but disengaged wife. She is of average height, blond, and always has a bunch of jewelry on. While supportive of her husband and nice to the campers, Sherry seems uninterested and unenthused about the camp, and often seems like she would prefer to be back in the city. She is always next to her husband at big camp functions, and she is sometimes seen with mysterious looking people and animals around the camp. Her favorite singer is Ulthra Weissman, a female singer of ballads who recently had a song in a hit movie. 


Angles Gator: Angles is the head counselor of the boy’s side of camp, and is a real solid dude. He is short and stocky, glasses, and an all-around bayou man look about him. He is an avid hunter, fisher, and all around outdoorsman, on top of that, he loves children and spends time with kids around the camp who get picked on and otherwise ostracized. Angles has been suspicious of the new owners of the camp as he suspects they have ulterior motives as to the purchase of an old summer camp. Angles will end up helping out Pickett several times throughout the story. 


Troid: Troid is a counselor at the camp and is a total bro. He wears a backwards multi-colored hat, t-shirt with a soda on it, shorts, big sneakers, and always has a tiny cigarette in his mouth. While not necessarily a bad guy, he is inherently stupid, ignorant, drunk, and shameful. Troid is the favorite counselor of most of the boy campers, but always on the verge of being fired for being drunk or high on the camp grounds. Often he fails to act in his role as a counselor and ends up being chummier with some campers more than what’s professionally appropriate, failing to intervene in fights and such. Troid is for the most part oblivious to the strange antics of the owners, but he will have a few talents that will prove useful to Pickett later, granted Pickett doesn't step him to stop him from getting fired. Troid is a counselor for a bunk other than Pickett's, his two counselors are below.


Playton Williams: Playton is another counselor that is a total jock. He has spiky red hair, wears sweat pants, and muscle t-shirts. He often picks on awkward kids with other campers but generally is a jerk to everyone. He is one of the counselors in Pickett's bunk and he really hates Pickett, for no real reason other than that he isn't a jock and doesn't try to be one. Whenever the owners around, Playton will clean up his act and the owners think of him as one of their best counselors, but out of sight of them he is a total asshole. 


Barrett Falster: Barrett is yet another counselor who stays in Pickett's bunk and is a decent guy. Barrett is tall and gangly, has short black hair, but also stutters a little bit. He wears a blue shirt, cargo shorts, and a backpack. Barrett doesn't like the way that Playton treats the other campers, but since he stutters, Playton will ridicule him whenever Barrett tries to stick up for kids. Barrett enjoys kids but mostly acts as if his time at Native Mountain is a vacation, and naps a lot. Barrett becomes suspicious of the owners after he witnesses a certain incident, but he will get fired (or worse) unless Pickett intervenes. 


~ Campers (Recruit able PC's, if not recruited / they can either be killed off or recruited by the owners and their minions.)


Pooder Bennet: Pooder is a short, skinny, and energetic boy of 9. He is wearing a dark yellow and green stripped shirt, has short messy hair, and a hyperactive gleam in his eye. Pooder loves the outdoors, animals, and being active. He is outgoing and caring, if not sometimes obsessive compulsive about activities and participation. Occasionally he also says things that really put off certain people out of his misguided enthusiasm. He has skills relating to survival, marksmanship, and talks to animals.  


Jupiter Fargo: Jupiter is a 12 year old black girl. She wears a blue skirt with white spots and has long hair. Jupiter happens to be a spelling bee prodigy with an incredible intellect, but ironically hates the outdoors and suffers from allergies. Jupiter is very friendly and nice and has plenty of friends at camp, but sometimes she suffers from debilitating asthma attacks. She has skills in critical thinking, technology, & socializing.


Randy Buffet: Randy is a young Hispanic boy of 10 who is obsessed with famous archeologists, and dresses like one all the time with the whip, hat, and everything. Randy constantly indulges delusions of grandeur and imagines himself exploring tombs and whipping rabid animals while doing regular things such as eating breakfast or going to the bathroom. A lot of kids think he's really weird and make fun of him, but some kids see through his obsession for his winning personality. He has skills in sneak, searching, and survival. 


Botany Lynn: Botany is a girl of about 12 with stylish black hair, and trendy clothes. The other campers consider Botany to be the most popular and beautiful of them all, and she loves being the center of attention. She loves being at Native Mountain since all of the girls want to be like her, and all of the boys have crushes on her. But, she happens to be clinically depressed and requires medication not to slip into a debilitating depression. Botany has skills in Socializing, Makeup, & Charm. 


Boris Tortavich: Boris is a strong and well-built boy of about 12 years old. Boris likes to wear jeans, basketball jersey, and a hat. Boris was born in Russia but his parents fled communism to come to America. Once here, Boris ultimately became the number one wrestler in his age group in New Jersey. Boris is big enough to scare other kids from messing with him, but his accent and build make him stand out from the other kids, and leave them a little terrified of Boris in general. Boris is a nice kid nonetheless though, even if his good intentions sometimes get lost in translation. Boris is skilled in Grapple, Unarmed, & Intimidation. 


Trinda Noober: Trinda is a girl with long curly hair of about 11. She dresses like a tomboy wearing a bandana, jeans, and football jersey. Trinda loves sports, fixing stuff and hangs out with mostly boys at camp, save for one or two close girlfriends. Trinda is incredibly physically capable and fit, she sometimes though can take things too seriously and mistakenly can injure her peers. She is enjoying her time at camp since she can be more active here than at her home in the city. She is skilled in Melee Combat (Bat,) Athletics, & Thrown Weapons. 


Freetus Jaunders: Freetus is a boy of about 10 with stringy blond hair and freckles. Freetus is from the rural area surrounding the camp, and wears overalls with a plaid shirt, consistently chewing on a long piece of grass. Freetus is a simple kid that enjoys candy, rap metal, and cars. His mother is the camp nurse, Plootie Jaunders, but he has trouble hanging out with these city kids as they all are interested in sophisticated things. Freetus loves the camp experience, but he suspects from the start that the new camp owners are up to no good. Freetus is skilled at Sleight of Hand, Repair, & Craft.


Ninar Tetras: Ninar is a girl of 12 with dyed blond hair. She wears a black dress with diagonal white stripes and boots. After escaping to America from civil war in Bosnia where both of her parents disappeared, she was accepted in a program for kids who escape genocide to go to a summer camp for free. She loves the summer camp as it is a welcome escape from her cruel foster parents, and she loves the change of pace and scenery. While delicate and shy, she possess innate psychic abilities that don’t become clear until she grows more experienced. Ninar is skilled in PSI, marksmanship, and critical thinking. 


Gloobin Marfo: Gloobin is a 10 year old from Denmark with clean slicked back blond hair. He is short and plump, has bright red cheeks, and wears a polo, khakis, and boat shoes. After his parents moved to America, they sent him to summer camp while they stayed at a luxury hotel, as they built their house in the suburbs. Gloobin is dismayed with his time at the camp and always whining. He misses his parents deeply, and while he has a few friends, the other kids mostly view him as a baby. Gloobin also is deeply spiritual and can pray for occasional divine assistance. He is skilled in, Cooking (Waffles,) Technology, and Prayer. 


Niche Kaguya: Niche is a gifted martial artist of about 11 years old. She has long black hair and wears a kimono with sandals. She has been training her whole life to perfect her craft, but on the advice of their child's therapist her parents sent her to Native Mountain camp in order to decompress & relax. Niche has been enjoying her time at camp, and getting along with all the other campers. Unfortunately Niche suffers from headaches and must take pills to not become debilitated by the pain. Niche is skilled in Melee Combat (long stick,) Athletics, & Sleight of Hand. 


Brent Drago: Brent is a 12 year old boy with brown hair and a pompadour. He wears a pink sleeveless shirt, tight jeans, boots, and eye makeup. He is a star singer and stylist on TV and an incredibly talented kid. He was incredibly sick when he was young which leaves him fragile, but he is an incredibly warm and friendly kid loved by everyone. He heard about the camp himself and asked his parents to send him there to meet more normal kids. He is skill in, Sing, Craft, & Charm.


Volga Toober: Volga is a 10 year old girl who is obsessed with electronics. She has purple spiked hair, and wears augmented reality glasses, along with cyberpunk looking clothes. Her parents have insisted that she goes to camp to get away from electronics, but she snuck boards and programmed her own software on the bus ride. She hates camp, she hates bugs, she hates the other campers, and she hates society in general. She constantly also needs batteries in order to keep her gear working. She is skilled in, Technology, Repair, and Intimidation. 


Kinser Talebearing: Kinser Talebearing is an 11 year Indian old boy with braided grey hair and long flowing robes. Kinser always is seen with his trusted Dodo bird (Peego) who is his closest friend and confidant. Kinser wanted his parents to send him to camp, more for the bird to get out of the city and enjoy the wild. Kinser is friendly with select kids whom he feels he can trust, but has a short temper and does not like it when anyone touches Peego. He is skilled Animal Handling, Cooking (Veggie Juice,) and Prayer.


Bnola Rae: Bnola is a 10 year old girl with bright red hair. She likes to wear floral skirts and sandals. Bnola is obsessed with reading books and she barely ever bothers to hang out with kids her age or do anything else. Her parents insisted she go make some friends and only let her take one book to camp (How to survive a zombie invasion.)Reading this and a Bruce Lee book she snuck on the bus, she got skilled at fist fighting.
She still refuses to talk to the other campers and generally avoids them at all costs. Bnola is skilled in, Critical Thinking, Sneak, & Unarmed.    


Nugget Beano: Nugget is an 11 year old boy with blue hair. He is a fantastic soccer player from Italy, he wears a striped soccer jersey and athletic shorts. He is cocky and charming, but he is secretly a total jerk and hates everyone. He also has PSI abilities that lie dormant inside of him. He has come to this camp mostly to meet girls, but his broken English sometimes makes him a target for ridicule, but not that much. He has skills in PSI, Athletics, and Charm.  


Yeldstat Krong: Yeldstat is a 12 year old Middle Eastern girl, with a long black ponytail and green dress. She is a Jujutsu expert, and made a deal with a camp to attend on the condition that she incapacitates wild animals to be let go away from the camp grounds. She is enjoying her time at the camp, but begins to notice abnormalities with the local animals that make subduing them difficult. She also knows lots of family songs and is very skilled with cosmetics. She is skilled in Grapple, Makeup, & Sing. 


Gelliot Yabelor: Gelliot is a 10 year old boy with short brown hair with a receding hairline. He likes to wear a button down shirt, jeans, loafers, and small sunglasses. Gelliot fancies himself a private investigator and manipulated his parents into sending him to Native Mountain to investigate rumors of alien activity in the rural country. He gets along with some of the campers well but has a bunch of pride about his working class upbringing which leaves him resentful of some of the more affluent campers. Gelliot is skilled in, Searching, Intimidation, & Melee Combat (Hockey Stick.)


Ileetia Dorfson: Ileetia is a 10 year old girl with long brown hair, she usually wears a navy blue pantsuit. Ileetia is close friends with Gelliot Yabelor and is here at Native Mountain for the same reasons. She is mysteriously sensitive about her mother & no one has the nerve to ask her why, and her father is a notorious celebrity drunk. She has spent the past few years training to do investigative work with Gelliot. She is skilled in, Thrown Weapons, Sleight Of Hand, & Sneak.


Can Tabber: Can is a 12 year old Asian boy with long black hair. He wears all black with a skull t-shirt. Can also constantly has a guitar strapped to his back and refuses to ever go anywhere without it. His parents sent him to Native Mountain to try to pick up interests other than music, but so far that isn't going so well. He ignores the other campers and mostly sticks to himself playing guitar playing metal. He does spend a lot of time with animals and has been seen and heard conversing with some. He is Skilled in Sing (Shred), Talking to animals, and Critical Thinking


Trinoba Vyder: Trinoba is a 12 year old girl with short black hair. She likes wearing a black and white hound’s tooth dress. She is a television actor in a major soap opera. Her parents sent her to Native Mountain in order to meet new normal kids, and Trinoba seems to be doing ok, though she gets a lot more attention from the boys and the other girls can get jealous She is fairly weak and tires easily but she is the type of person that tries as hard as she can no matter what she is doing, and she is imbued with mysterious psycho kinetic powers that she doesn't even know exist within her. She is skilled in, PSI, Socializing, & Prayer.